Next on PIJN News,
Dr. Chaps reports on these important issues.
A pastor testifies before the Department of Justice
how the IRS targeted his church.
Colonel Glenn Holloway has written an important book
about farming God's way
and putting nutrition back into your food supply.
Former Navy Chaplain, Gordon James Klingenschmitt
took a stand to defend religious freedom
by daring to pray publicly in Jesus' name.
Now he helps you by reporting the news,
discerning the spirits and praying the scriptures.
Would you pray with us?
Here's Dr. Chaps.
God bless you in Jesus' name.
My name is Chaplain Gordon James Klingenschmitt, Dr. Chaps,
and you're watching PIJN News.
On this show, we'd like to do three things.
We report the news, we discern the spirits,
and we pray the scriptures in Jesus' name.
Are you ready to pray the news with us?
Here's our first story.
A famous pastor has now testified
before the Department of Justice
that the IRS targeted his church.
Christian Post reports,
"First Baptist Dallas pastor warns that the IRS overreach
"in linking biblical beliefs
"with prohibited political speech.
"Pastor Robert Jeffress of First Baptist Church
"says that it's none of the government's business
"for the IRS to regulate the content of his sermons
"that pastors preach from the pulpit."
He told a White House Religious Liberty panel on
Wednesday
in his testimony before the US Department of Justice
and their Religious Liberty Commission.
Pastor Jeffress and First Baptist Dallas
senior executive pastor, Ben Loeworn,
shared their experience with the IRS
during a controversial church tax inquiry in 2021,
which was initiated under the regime
of former President Joe Biden.
Robert Jeffress' statement to the commission,
including comments which he initially shared
with his congregation on Sunday,
in which he recounted how the atheist organization,
Freedom From Religion Foundation,
had filed a complaint with the IRS
after then Vice President Mike Pence
and then Secretary of HUD, Dr. Ben Carson,
had come to First Baptist Dallas
and had shared their faith testimonies
of how they came to know Jesus Christ as Savior.
They visited the church
as many Democrats visit Democrat churches.
These Republicans visited a conservative church
in June of 2020 and they spoke to the congregation.
Well, that upset the atheists.
So Pastor Jeffress told the panel what happened next.
He said, quote, "It's interesting that we did not hear
"anything from the IRS for 11 months."
And four months after Joe Biden became president,
it was on May 6th of 2021 that the IRS informed our
church
that they were initiating an inquiry
into the tax exempt status of our church
because we held a patriotic service, end quote.
Noting that First Baptist Dallas had never had any
issue
with the IRS prior to Joe Biden being elected,
Jeffress said he has a history now of encouraging
pastors
to follow IRS regulations.
In fact, he does not and encourages others
not to endorse any candidates from the pulpit.
And in his testimony, Pastor Jeffress pointed out
that back in November of 2020,
the same day he was talking to his church
about the presidential race,
Joe Biden himself was campaigning at a church
and spoke at the Sharon Baptist Church in Philadelphia.
Jeffress pointed out that the former President Biden
and that pastor had openly encouraged members
to vote for Biden.
Well, both men were standing in front of the campaign
banner
at the front of that church in Philadelphia.
So the Democrats can get away with it,
but the Republicans can't
when they don't even endorse candidates.
Esther Jeffress added the following, quote,
"When we pointed out the contrast to the IRS
"between our non-endorsement policy
"and this church's flagrant disregard
"for the Johnson Amendment,
"the IRS officials conducting the examination
"had no response," end quote.
Well, that inquiry lasted more than a year,
like an audit of a church.
Who does that?
The IRS eventually acknowledged a year later in 2020,
July 2022, that the first Baptist Dallas,
in fact, did not engage in any improper
political interventions or violate the US tax code.
That's the news.
Our thanks to Christian Post for that report.
You may be surprised to learn
that our ministry underwent the same thing.
In 2022, I believe it was,
the IRS showed up at our door.
I don't have a church, but I have a religious nonprofit,
25 years old now, never had a problem,
always did our 990s, always filed, tracked every penny.
But when the IRS shows up and does an audit
of our organization, as they did,
he spent two years in our offices.
Like all of 2022, '23, he was in our offices
and at his own office, looking through every one
of our tax year filings from 2019 to 2020,
found nothing wrong, except two things.
You didn't properly report the mileage on a company car.
Okay, no problem.
But then, the content of your sermon
on your television show, we noticed that you prayed
for one of the candidates in Jesus' name.
Was your prayer to God an implied endorsement
of his candidacy?
Gave us a slap on the wrist and we passed the audit.
On the condition that we never do that again.
Don't pray for candidates.
Really?
The US government is going to intervene
in my prayers to God?
This would be the third time in my lifetime
that I would end up in court over the content
of my prayers to God.
The Bible says this in Matthew 22.
He said to them, render therefore unto Caesar
the things that are Caesar,
and to God the things that are God's.
We should pay our taxes.
But if the money belongs to God,
we should not give that to the government,
we should give that to God's work.
Nonprofits are sacred and so are churches.
IRS, stay out of our preaching and out of our pulpits.
Let's take a short break, when we come back.
Colonel Glenn Holloway has written an important book
about farming God's way.
Giving you a megaphone in Washington, DC.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
I'm Dr. Chaps.
You know, Jesus taught the parable about sowing the
seed,
and you don't want to waste it,
you want it to grow with 30, 60, 100 fold
for the kingdom of Jesus Christ.
I'll tell you three mission areas
that we're doing here at Pray In Jesus Name.
I think our charity does more with less
than any other charity I know.
We are fertile seed.
For example, number one, we pray in millions
of television homes every day,
or every weekend on eight networks,
we have 2.5 billion home TV impressions every month.
The second area, we feed orphans and children
in some of the poorest slums overseas.
We're building a new vocational school,
we're digging wells, and we're serving the poor
when you give to Pray In Jesus Name.
Number three, we defend religious freedom,
especially for our troops and our chaplains.
We've now helped send five million petitions to
Congress.
We've helped change bad laws or policies in 13 states
and four times in federal law.
You know my story as a former Navy chaplain,
standing up for the right to pray in Jesus Name
and defending religious freedom.
Would you donate today?
In fact, we want you to come up monthly pledge sponsor.
When you visit PrayInJesusName.org,
on the right side, click the monthly pledge sponsor
button
at PrayInJesusName.org, your monthly gift
will help change the world in Jesus Name.
Do you need a physical or spiritual healing?
Are you being tested or tried?
When Jesus needed to pray,
he went to the Garden of Gethsemane.
Do you need to really connect with God?
If you're visiting Colorado Springs,
come see the Gateway Prayer Garden
just south of the city along Interstate 25.
Walk our prayer trails among the trees
by the beautiful Fountain Creek.
Stand at the foot of our large cross
and connect with Jesus.
Enter our life-size replica of the empty tomb
and spend time reading key Bible verses etched in stone
along our ground cross as big as a football field.
Join our worship gatherings and plan to attend
our annual Easter sunrise worship service.
We're located off I-25 exit 132A at 8035 Bandley Road,
just north of the KOA campground.
Experience Jesus at GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
That's GatewayPrayerGarden.org.
Exposing the fruitless deeds of darkness,
here's Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps, joined now by Glenn Holloway,
who is a retired colonel and author of this book,
"Farming God's Way, Be the Stewards We Should Be."
Colonel Holloway, welcome to the program.
How are you, sir?
- Oh, well, thank you for having me.
It's a great opportunity.
- So describe your military service
and you did some civilian service after that,
but now you're like all into farming.
- Yeah, I started off actually back in the '70s
as an enlisted Marine during the Vietnam era.
And then I went back in in the '80s
through Officer Candidate School at Fort Benning
and got commissioned as an officer
and went through as a cavalry officer, armor,
and stationed in Europe and completed that
as the executive officer of Allied Command Europe
under NATO with Wesley Clark.
And then my last civilian job was I took that knowledge
and went forward and was working
at the Defense Threat Reduction Agency,
running the Director's Action Group,
and we were in charge of monitoring
and developing weapons of mass destruction.
- Wow, okay.
So with that great resume, you retired to go into
farming.
Why the switch?
- Well, when I was doing all that,
one of my jobs just before that one was
I was chief of infrastructure,
critical infrastructure for America.
And I realized that food was one
of our critical infrastructures that through history,
if you look at what happened with Russia and the
Ukraine,
funny how it's kind of happening now again,
they actually took control of the food
and 18 million people died.
So food is a critical infrastructure.
And if you wanna take over a country
or take control of a population, you control the food.
- Can you give us a history of food production briefly?
In America, it's evolved in three different stages.
- Yes.
Well, it started off according to the title of the book,
"The Farm in God's Way."
God created the earth, gave us a template
on how we're supposed to grow our food,
which was regenerative, word that you're hearing now,
which means that every generation should have
pretty much the same type of farming
that regenerates the earth for the next generation.
Well, back in the 19, right after World War II in the
1940s,
there was this issue of, well, we need to feed the
world.
So how do we do that?
We've got all these chemicals left over.
So you really start seeing the advent of pesticides
and herbicides and chemicals being put on the ground,
which increased production with the focus
of trying to feed more people.
Well, they found out that didn't work real well.
And so then in the late '70s,
we switched into what we can now call
in our working energy called industrial agriculture,
'cause you had the industrial revolution
and all these new machineries
and the ability to modify seeds
and those types of things to be more productive.
And so that then took over agriculture.
And it sounds really good, but the problem is that
to do that back in the '70s,
economists, an economist by the name of John Eichert
out of Missouri said, well, if you're gonna work
in this production of food, bigger is better.
Economy's a scale.
So then we had bigger combines and we had bigger farms
and all of a sudden the small farm went away
and you had communities start to shrivel up.
'Cause as you saw and have seen throughout the world,
when the local community loses its ability
to have farms or butcher the baker, the candlestick
maker
and the whole thing that makes it a community,
the workers go to the big cities
and farming was done on a corporate scale.
- So when corporations began
to take over American agriculture, the small farms were
sold.
They lost their land to the giant farms,
like tens of thousands of acres and giant machinery
and everything's automated.
And then they're bringing in the additives,
like not just the herbicides to get rid of the weeds,
my grandfather did that,
but also the genetic modification to go into the seeds
to increase crops and production yields.
- Correct, yeah, and over the years you've seen,
I mean, about 10 years ago,
there was a major lawsuit going on against Monsanto
'cause Monsanto then patented those genetically
engineered,
in this case, it was corn
and they would literally come through
and this happened in Canada and test your field
and could verify that that was a modified plant
using their genetics and then they would shoot the
farmer
and take the farm away from them.
- Oh my gosh.
So big pharma, not big agriculture,
then there's probably three or four companies
that control most of the acreage now, right?
- Correct, you've got Bayer Monsanto,
which was part of Bayer now.
So yeah, they're all, the push right now is for
corporations
to take over the farms because of that still mental
thought
that it is more efficient and then you can determine
how they're gonna farm and what it is they're gonna
farm.
- And small town America has like disappeared
because as you said, because there aren't small farms,
there's no community when you go out to these small
towns,
they don't have the butcher shops,
they don't have the baker and the candlestick maker,
as you said, and all the men had to move to the cities
to get jobs.
- Correct, yeah, I mean, that was like
when the industrial revolution started,
they all went to work for Ford and other places
where they could put them on the production line
and literally our school system,
although we're not gonna go down that road today,
our school system was aimed at developing people
who could work in a factory, not go out on the farm
and be an independent worker.
- Okay, but you have a solution.
The third stage of American farming
is this regenerative farming,
getting back to the old way things were done
and making small time farming profitable again.
How do we begin that road?
- Well, this last week was a really a step
that most people probably missed
and that was that Secretary of Agriculture, Rollins
and the HHS Secretary, Bobby Kennedy,
married up the fact that they now recognize
and are willing to speak about it
that you are what you eat.
If you wanna get healthy in America,
you've gotta have food that's gonna make you healthy.
So they have allocated $700 million,
which is really a drop in the bucket,
but the fact that they have acknowledged
that they need to change the farming
and start doing regenerative farming
to regenerate people's health,
which will also then regenerate jobs
and regenerate the soil
so that we now have soil and plants
and things that we eat that will not be degrading our
health
but actually making us healthy again.
- So soil rotations, crop rotations,
maybe sometimes you do corn, but then you do soybeans
because that puts the vitamins back in the soil
for the next generation of crops.
This is a whole, there's a whole science to this
and it's explained in "Farming God's Way,
"The Stewards We Should Be."
- Correct, by Glenn Holloway.
Let's take a short break and he'll be right back.
- This is PIJN News, defending your religious freedom.
Dr. Chaps will be right back.
- I'm Dr. Chaps.
We want you to sign a petition today to stand with
Israel.
They are under such attack
with Arabs and Muslims killing Jews,
but here is the Bible territory
that God promised to the Israeli and Jewish people.
Even in 1993 in the Oslo Accords,
Yasser Arafat agreed.
These are the current borders of Israel and it's their
land.
Let's sign that petition, PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, PrayInJesusName.org, sign it today.
We're here in Israel and literally the scene
of all of the holy sites, like the Via Dolorosa
where Jesus carried his cross,
the Garden Tomb where he was raised from the dead,
the Sea of Galilee where he taught the disciples.
And I prayed, Lord, how can I bring
this inspiring environment into your living room?
And what we've produced is a four DVD disc set
with the entire Gospel of Matthew.
I teach every verse in all 28 chapters of Matthew
in short 12 minute segments,
so you can understand the exact words that Jesus taught
from the exact location where Jesus lived.
Pick up the phone right now and call us at 800-Obey-God.
Again, that's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D
for a suggested donation of just $50.
We'll give you all four discs, the entire Gospel of
Matthew,
or you can write to us at the address on your screen
or visit our website, PrayInJesusName.org.
You're gonna love this Bible teaching.
Pick up the phone and call us today.
He is the intersection of church and state.
Here is Dr. Chaps.
Welcome back, I'm Dr. Chaps.
Joined again by Colonel Glenn Holloway,
who has written an important book,
"Farming God's Way, The Stewards We Should Be."
What can people learn in this book?
How do you get back to regenerative farming,
which is stage three in the future?
Okay, this book here is,
some people might even call it a history of farming
book.
Starts off with the creation
and now goes all the way through to where we're at.
It's followed by a book called "Beyond the Plow."
So if we're gonna change, you have to have some way
and some hope on how you're gonna do that.
"Beyond the Plow" lays out how do you develop markets,
how do you move away from this big industrial farming
back into small farms?
And you literally have to generate small farms
throughout America and actually throughout the world
that are gonna be down at the local community level,
so those communities are gonna thrive again.
Which means you're gonna have to change some policies
too.
Right now you've got four packers to control
all the packing of meat products and things in America
and then they're bringing in cattle
and those types of things out of Argentina and Ecuador.
Well, Thomas Massey out of Kentucky
had a bill that was called PRIMACT.
He recognized that to regenerate small farms,
you gotta have them have the ability to process
and market everything down at the local level.
So you gotta have states to be able to take over
and have small packing plants and processing plants
and all that back down at the communities.
And that's where we go from here.
We make it profitable through the second book
called Beyond the Plow.
And then you make it profitable back down
at the small community and then you can regenerate
those small farms again and get back to the agrarian
life
that we had before, which was healthy.
So assuming for a second that Congressman Massey's bill
has not yet passed and then there's gonna be
like corporate competitive pressure from the big
industry
that those four, five companies that own all the farms,
they're not gonna wanna sell that farmland back to us
'cause they're making billions to keep it.
And there's a lot of lobbying pressure
in Congress against that.
What can we do in the meantime?
In the meantime, through books like this
and through webinars and through shows like yours,
you educate the consumer 'cause who has the vote?
I hate to say it, but you vote with the dollar,
you vote with what you buy to eat.
And if the consumer comes down just like years ago
when all of a sudden we had the organic move
and everybody's like, oh, well,
organic food makes you healthy.
Well, that's 'cause everybody was buying organic food.
So now if you can buy organic food
that's coming off of a regenerative farm
and as we move forward, we have a way to monitor
nutrient dense food to actually see that the food
is benefiting your temple, your body,
then the consumer votes with his purchases, with his
dollar
and corporate will have to respond,
which means they'll have to change their farm twice.
Nutrient dense food, not just organic,
that's like last year, right?
But next year it's gonna be regenerative produced
and nutrient dense food.
Where can I find this?
Can I get it at my local grocery store?
They are now coming out and will come out with,
of course, this new bill and the money going into it,
they'll have labels.
And that's how the consumer knows what they're getting.
The label says it was, you know,
it used to say, this is organic.
You go into any of your stores and you've got organic
milk,
you've got organic vegetables, you've got organic.
That was a big buzzword.
And then following that it was, you know,
raised by animal care.
So it'll go forward, as we go forward,
things will be labeled that it came off
of a regenerative farm.
And ultimately we should have a product in the future
where you could walk in with your phone,
point it at, say, your vegetables, push a button,
and it tells you on a scale where you sit
on the nutrient level,
and then be able to make your purchase being educated
on what it is you're eating.
Yeah, there's a lot of our viewers that are in small
towns
and maybe their grandparents had a big farm,
but now it's been cut in half and cut in half
and they're holding on.
Or somebody who lives in the city is considering
their future calling, right?
You came out of the military and went back into farming
as a calling from God.
Why should people go and do the farming and stick it
out?
Well, because it's one of, like I said,
you're marrying up farming with the care of your health.
And you can't separate the two.
If you eat bad food, you're gonna have bad health.
And your children's health.
And your children's health,
because it will affect you genetically.
So yeah, and why people go back into farming?
Because then they have, like you said,
they have their vote in what they're eating,
which is gonna dictate their health
and also the community's health.
So you're giving them an opportunity
to literally shape the future
and shape the health of America and its people
in the future by becoming a farmer
and taking over from these old farmers
who have gone through the other ways
of using chemicals and things,
'cause they thought it was right.
I'm not saying they didn't think
they were doing the right thing.
Now we know, like what happened with the glyphosate,
there were suits against glyphosate.
They have found out there's a doctor out there
by the name of Dr. Zach Bush,
where you can take the bread basket of America,
where they have used glyphosate as one of the herbicides
and overlay it with a cancer map,
with a high number of rates of cancer,
and they almost identically match.
So to fight that, you've got to get down to the very
root,
which is farming and restoring the soil,
everything from the soil up,
so that we can impact our health.
Just an observation.
I came from seven generations of farmers
in Western New York.
They came in 1832 from Germany.
They settled as agrarian, like working the land.
Six generations, including my grandfather,
they had 150 acre farms.
My father was the first one to go to college.
He became an engineer.
I was the first one to join the military,
and now I live in a city, I'm one of those city jobs.
But our grandparents' generation,
they lived into their 90s,
because they were close to the dirt.
They ate from the fruit of their own labor,
and the nutrients in the soil
gave them longevity and good health.
And I told my father, I went back to see him recently,
I said, "Dad, I gotta go to the gym,
"'cause I live in the city just to stay in shape.
"How do you do it?
"You're still thin."
He's now 86.
He said, "My farm is my gym."
Oh yes.
And he's out there working.
And just like his father before him,
who lived to age 92,
my father is fit because he's working the land.
So I wanted to leave my audience with that thought.
Your last thought, and then I wanna say a prayer.
Well, last thought is that,
I think I'll hit the last period on the consumer.
Literally, we have to get, the call for action
is to educate them on where we are now
in the industrial agriculture revolution,
how we're gonna stop it,
and then give the farmers a way to move forward.
Because nobody's gonna give up a job
and walk away from it if they can't make a living.
The quality of life is still there,
and that's where the young generations are gonna come
in
and take over those farms,
'cause they're looking for a quality of life.
It's not about the money, it's about quality of life,
and regaining and rebuilding that family structure
and the community that results from it.
Let's say a prayer for those
in the agriculture industry.
Father in heaven, we pray for those
who are producing the food that keeps us healthy.
Father, we pray for your favor,
for the restoration, for the regeneration
of our food supply to have the best possible nutrients
with the fewest possible chemicals and side effects.
Jesus, that your original plan for our health
would thrive through the agriculture industry.
We pray this blessing on American farmers
and around the world, in Jesus' name, amen.
Our guest has been Glenn Holloway.
His book is "Farming God's Way,
"Be the Stewards We Should Be."
Glenn Holloway, you can find it everywhere books are
sold.
Mention your website.
Website is radicalresilience.health.
Not dot com.
Not dot com, radicalresilience.health.
Okay, our website is PrayInJesusName.org.
We're out of time, but we would love to hear from you.
Please write to the address on your screen after this
or visit our website to donate today
at PrayInJesusName.org.
If you need prayer, call us at 866-Obey-God.
We'll see you next time.
Dr. Chaps needs your financial support to stay on the
air.
Would you please send your best financial donation
today?
Please visit PrayInJesusName.org to donate online
or you can mail a check to Pray In Jesus Name Ministries,
Post Office Box 77077, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80970.
You can also call us toll free right now.
866-Obey-God.
That's 866 O-B-E-Y G-O-D.
Please sign up for our free emails at PrayInJesusName.org.
Again, that's PrayInJesusName.org.
(upbeat music)
[MUSIC PLAYING]